fix(curriculum): change descriptions of id from properties to attributes (#47432)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/14-responsive-web-design-22/learn-html-forms-by-building-a-registration-form/62ff919a7b5612c0670923a5.md

Link the applicable form elements and their `label` elements together.

> Use these values for the respective `id` attributes: `profile-picture`, `age`, `referrer`, `bio`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `profile-picture`, `age`, `referrer`, and `bio` as values for the respective `id` attributes.
```
